we are faster
we are saster we are saster yes i love
this i really love this you know
saster is the place where all the sas
tech companies come together disaster is
the world's largest community for cloud
and sas founders and executives and we
try to help the next generation of
founders get from one to a hundred
million easier
[Music]
being able to come down to being an
outside event like this has been an
incredible experience for my team i'm
gonna give you all props for pulling
this off the industry needed this we
needed to get together in person it's a
great audience cloud vendors startups
scale-ups it's got tons of ceos cmos and
fantastic entrepreneurs stand on the
shoulders of giants right
it's fun for us because a lot of the
sponsors here are actually on our site
so it's really fun to interact with all
of our customers and the whole point of
our lounge is to just show them how much
we appreciate them and have some fun
it'd be b2c product led growth building
your company product market fit it's
kind of a nexus of all those
conversations wrapped into one which is
pretty cool you need to go to disaster
to
sort of sharpen your messaging you think
you're smart when you arrive here and
then you realize everybody else is smart
you have to be as good as you can get
and part of that is learning from the
best and they have such a solid lineup
of speakers that you can't ignore it
it's not something that
we get to do a lot as founders and ceos
it can be isolating at times and so
being able to be here and talk about
best practices and what are we seeing in
the market it's just it's encouraging i
think it's the quality of the people who
are here it's people who are completely
dedicated to cloud to fast and the model
you're a founder in a growing space
that's relatively new you have to be at
events you have to meet people because
you're educating them in person and sas
is a great place for that there's a lot
of
thought leadership that can be exchanged
in a very short time and a lot of
meetings that can happen that
otherwise would take weeks or months to
schedule signed up 50 sex vendors in two
days
that would have taken me maybe a year to
do when we get back
and i have 80 connections in linkedin
that people want to say hey what's going
on
dooley seems pretty cool what are y'all
doing can i enter you to our vp of sales
we're like that's them coming to us the
best of b to c has got to make its way
into b2b actually walking through the
booths is cool sass is growing and
changing at such a rapid pace that
hearing what other companies are doing
how other leaders are solving common
challenges has been just really eye
opening and i have so many ideas to
bring back to our organization as well
honestly i look forward most disaster
every year of all the other conferences
just because it brings together all
these amazing people focused on a very
concentrated discipline in fact you
could argue that this conference has
helped sas be what it is today it's
amazing magic that can happen
we are faster we are faster i love
comfort we are faster we are sasebo
[Music]
you